h2. INSTALLATION:

0. Optionally, setup RVM: http://rvm.beginrescueend.com/rvm/install/

1. Download the code:

<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/dcrec1/signal.git</code></pre>

If you are installing the application on a remote machine:

2.  Copy config/deploy.rb.sample to config/deploy.rb

2.1 Configure config/deploy.rb

2.2 Setup the application in the remote host:

<pre><code>rake inploy:remote:setup</code></pre>

Or if you are installing the application in the local machine:

2. Setup the application

<pre><code>rake inploy:local:setup</code></pre>

3. Configure config/mailer.yml

4. Start a job:

<pre><code>RAILS_ENV=production script/delayed_job start</code></pre>

5. Startup the application in your favourite server (passenger recommended)

If you want to use somer other database than SQLite (recommended):

6. Configure config/database.yml

7. Re-initialize the database:

<pre><code>rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=production</code></pre>

If you're using Passenger on OS X, you may need edit the path:

http://www.icoretech.org/2009/08/passenger-mod_rails-path-on-leopard-snow-leopard/

h2. UPDATE

From a remote machine:

<pre><code>rake inploy:remote:update</code></pre>

Or from the local machine:

<pre><code>rake inploy:local:update</code></pre>

2. Restart the server

h2. USAGE

To fire a build from a script you can ping:

<pre><code>http://myserver/projects/id/build</code></pre>

where myserver is the location of your application and id the id of the project.

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
